# Week 1, Introduction to code Words... 
Sooooo today was this first day of the studio class CodeWords, I decided to choose this studio because it is absolutely something that is firstly out of my comfort zone and something I have never attempted to learn before. I wanted to challenge myself knowing this is something I probably wouldn't have the patience for to learn by myself post Uni. Plus the allure of Karen and Andy as lecturers is always a huge bonus. (This isn't me trying to get bonus points by the way, just thought this needed to be said.) :)

We started with an introduction to what we will be doing throughout this studio, it was honestly very daunting for someone who really had no idea what code is or means, but I was definitely optimistic. Karen and Andy also showed us a few of their own projects with code, which give a whole new meaning to unique. The most intrigueing for me being their “Trumpet of the Swan” which involves a computer hand scripting President Donald Trump tweets every time he tweeted. This made me ask why, and then quickly why not right after it.

We then got sent through a virtual excursion through melbournes CBD through minecraft, this was insane to me, seeing that I don't really know the CBD that well due to living in regional victoria. It also felt extremely nostalgic, as I haven't played minecraft in about 11 years. While this was going on we also talked about Hyper textuality and how desginers and artists have used it in other ways like recreating a FRIENDS Scene, which made all the other gamers rage which I found pretty interesting.

NOW it was time, time to start some actual code (DUH DUH DUHHHHH) As I said earlier I have never attempted to learn code or even understand what it is, so this will be interesting...

We started with Karen showing us some of the basics with a program called processing which uses a languages called "P5.Js" we started off with just basic shapes, colours and commands aswell as learning the language so we could create our initials with the program. I thoroughly enjoyed this because, maybe justtt maybe, code isnt that scary overall. (just maybe not sure yet.)
